# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to this project!

To avoid disappointment, please make sure that you are working on something
which is already included in the issue tracker. If you would like to add
a feature/enhancement which isn't on the list, please create an issue and
await the go-ahead from the project team. Failure to do so may result in
your code being rejected. In order to prevent two people working on the same
thing, please make sure you have been assigned to the relevant issue in the
issue tracker (you will need to ask the project team to do this by commenting
on the issue).

Please note that PHP is used in this project because it is covered on the 
COMP10120 course unit - a unit which all Computer Science students take on
their degree. This means that the codebase is accessible to more people. At
present, we will not accept any issues or merge requests which move the
project away from PHP. 

### Before You Begin...

Please ensure that you have read the project's README which includes
information about how to clone the project to a local repository and get it
working. You should also familiarise yourself with the code of conduct.

### Commit Guidelines

Please commit frequently with small changes, rather than making few commits
which change a lot. Commit messages should be all lowercase, in the present 
tense and 50 characters or less. Furthermore, commit messages should
accurately describe the changes which you have made.

Do not commit broken code. You should also not commit any config files or
dependency files. Failure to follow these instructions may result in your
merge request being rejected.

### Merge Request Guidelines

Your merge request should be intended to merge into `main`, which is our
development branch. You should be working on your own branch, so remember to
make a new branch before starting to code!

Merge requests should include a summary of what changes you have made,
including the issue number which you are addressing (it is a good idea to 
include `resolves #<issue number>` (don't include `<` and `>`)) somewhere in
the merge request body. You should then wait for the project team to test and
review your code, who may request additional changes before they merge the
code.